Just threatening this stinky woman is enough to get me to take her down!
Wait!
What's it, what's it, what's it, what's it
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby Son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby girl
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby Son, son, son
Son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son, son
If you don’t believe it
I'll prove it to you
Destroy the dragon gate for me now
All relevant persons will be arrested
Evidence of all their meals in the car Lin Tian
Just wait
Surprise jokes coming soon
Just one phone call and the smile is gone
Do you know who called Longmen?
What is the background of Gantry?
Have the ability to do the opposite
Dulongmen one cover mobile phone
Then I have the ability
Reply to your wrong testimony
Still so confident
I told you already
Because it’s great if you have some money
Money in the face of power
Not even shit
you are right
But you are not in my body
I am also money or rights
My ginger pie